candidate|text|title|url
Chris Pappas|Chris is grounded in the people and places of the Granite State. He ran for Congress to put the people of New Hampshire first and bring a deep understanding of the issues affecting our lives to Washington. He knows our economy--and our democracy--are tilted toward special interests and those at the top, and he works every day to be a steadfast champion of the people, communities, and Main Street businesses that make New Hampshire the best state to call home. In Congress, Chris has sponsored legislation to support New Hampshire small businesses, improve access to affordable health care for Granite Staters, fight to get our veterans the benefits they have earned, combat the opioid epidemic, and protect our drinking water. Chris serves on the Veterans Affairs Committee where he chairs the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, focused on holding the Department of Veterans Affairs accountable for providing the highest standard of care and services to our nation's veterans. Chris also serves on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee where he is working to deliver transformational investments in New Hampshire's roads, bridges, highways, airports, and rail systems. Born and raised in Manchester, Chris Pappas is a small business owner and community-driven leader who has a record of addressing some of New Hampshire's most pressing challenges. A proud product of Manchester public schools, Chris has dedicated his time in public service to putting people before politics to deliver opportunities to families in every community across our state. From creating new jobs and confronting the opioid crisis to ensuring the delivery of quality, affordable health care for every Granite Stater, Chris earned a reputation as a results-driven leader long before his election to Congress. After graduating from Harvard College in 2002, Chris returned to New Hampshire to help run his family's more than100 year old business, the Puritan Backroom Restaurant. Prior to serving in Congress, Chris represented District 4 on the New Hampshire Executive Council. When Chris was elected to the U.S. House in 2018, he became New Hampshire's first openly gay member of Congress. Before his election to Congress, Chris managed the restaurant's day-to-day business and more than 230 employees. Ninety-nine percent of New Hampshire's employers are small businesses, and Chris understands the unique challenges and pressures that small businesses face — especially during the current COVID-19 crisis. In his free time, Chris tries to run a few miles every day, spend time with family, and get in a spirited game of Scrabble.|About Chris|https://www.chrispappas.org/about-chris